fixing redirects and broken links for sign-your-own-saml-csr guide (#2749)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-your-own-saml-csr/main/index.md

> To share the certificate that you created across multiple IdPs, clone it with the [IdPs API](#top) by using the key `id` that you generated.

Reviewer: `[IdPs API](#top)` - this link doesn't seem appropriate?

> Be sure to clone the certificate to every app or IdP that you want to share it with. After it is cloned, you need to [update the key credential](#update-the-key-credential) for the target app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you clone the certificate to every app or IdP that you want to share it with. After the certificate is cloned, you need to [update the key credential](#update-the-key-credential) for the target app.
```

Reviewer: On line 352, remove the capital letters from the link: `[Publish a CSR with a certificate](#publish-a-csr-with-a-certificate)`

(sorry, I can't make this suggestion on the exact line in this review)
